compiling program
Initializing code generator
global variable declaration
global variable declaration
global variable declaration
function declaration
direct assignment
variable access
integer constant
direct assignment
variable access
double constant
direct assignment
variable access
boolean constant
switch-case
variable access
loading variable access
division assignment
variable access
loading variable access
integer constant
function call statement
function access compile
variable access
function access invoke
variable push
variable access
loading variable access
function call statement
function access compile
variable access
function access invoke
variable push
variable access
loading variable access
function call statement
function access compile
variable access
function access invoke
variable push
variable access
loading variable access
function call statement
function access compile
variable access
variable access
function access invoke
add
variable access
variable access
variable push
variable access
loading variable access
variable access
variable push
variable access
loading variable access
variable access
Writing the generated code into the executable output file
